dynamic host volumes: client configuration docs (#24827)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/configuration/client.mdx

- `host_volume` <code>([host_volume](#host_volume-block): nil)</code> - Exposes
  paths from the host as volumes that can be mounted into jobs.

- `host_volume_plugin_dir` `(string: "")` - Specifies the directory to find host

>   volume plugins. When this parameter is empty, Nomad will generate the path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  volume plugins. When this parameter is empty, Nomad generates the path
```

  using the [top-level `data_dir`][top_level_data_dir] suffixed with
  `host_volume_plugins`, like `"/opt/nomad/host_volume_plugins"`. This must be

>   an absolute path. Nomad will create the directory on the host, if it does not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  an absolute path. Nomad creates the directory on the host, if it does not
```

>   an absolute path. Nomad creates the directory on the host, if it does not
>   exist when the agent process starts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  an absolute path.
```

it does not get auto-created.

and fwiw, this is the only mention of it in agent logs, whether this param set to something custom or not:

```
[DEBUG] client.fingerprint_mgr.host_volume_plugins: plugin dir does not exist: dir=/opt/nomad/data/host_volume_plugins
```

Author: Ah, good catch. I was thinking of the various datadirs which the agent does create, but we never create plugin dirs.

### `host_volume` Block

The `host_volume` block is used to make volumes available to jobs. You can also
configure [dynamic host volumes][] via the [`volume create`][] or [`volume
register`][] commands.

The key of the block corresponds to the name of the volume for use in the
`source` parameter of a `"host"` type

> [`volume`](/nomad/docs/job-specification/volume) and ACLs. Host volumes in the
> configuration cannot have the same names as dynamic host volumes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`volume`](/nomad/docs/job-specification/volume) and ACLs. A host volume in the
configuration cannot have the same name as a dynamic host volume on the same node.
```

the plurals threw me off for whatever reason.
